[Term Entry] PHP Arrays array_uniqe() (#3059)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/arrays/terms/array-unique/array-unique.md

---
Title: 'array_unique()'

> Description: 'Used to remove duplicate values from an array.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns an array without duplicate values.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`array_unique()`** function removes duplicate values from an array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`array_unique()`** function returns a new array with any duplicate values removed.
```
